docs/apps/ccip-bridge/guides/transfer-token.md, before:

---
description: Bridge ERC-20 tokens from Ethereum to Ronin using Ronin Bridge.
slug: /apps/ccip-bridge/transfer-token
title: Transfer an ERC-20 token
---

## Overview

This guide describes how to use CCIP Bridge to send an ERC-20 token from Ronin to Ethereum.

## Prerequisites

If you access CCIP Bridge on mobile, remember to import your Ethereum address to your mobile Ronin Wallet. To learn how to do that, see [Importing Your MetaMask Wallet to Ronin Wallet](https://support.roninchain.com/hc/en-us/articles/14862812718107-Importing-Your-MetaMask-Wallet-to-Ronin-Wallet).

## Step 1. Choose source and destination chain
   Go to https://app.roninchain.com/bridge, then select “Cross-chain bridge (CCIP)” tab

   ![step_1](../assets/step_1.png)

   Click “From" section, then select "Ronin" as the source chain
   - You can also click the “Swap” button to switch between source network and destination network at “From" and "To" boxes.

   ![step_2](../assets/step_2.png)

   Select the connection method you want to use and connect your Ronin wallet

   ![step_3](../assets/step_3.png)

   Click “To" section and choose the destination chain: "Ethereum"

   ![step_4](../assets/step_4.png)

## Step 2: Add the sender and recipient addresses
   Enter the recipient address or paste the address by clicking the “Paste" button, then click "Confirm" button
   - If the destination chain is Ronin, you can enter any RNS domain name that a wallet has.

   ![step_5](../assets/step_5.png)

## Step 3: Choose the token and amount
   Select the token and an amount you would like to transfer

   ![step_6](../assets/step_6.png)

## Step 4: Choose fee token
   Select the token you want to pay fee. Make sure you have enough token to pay fee.

   ![step_9](../assets/step_9.png)

## Step 5: Execute and receive the tokens in your  wallet
   Click “Transfer” button to execute the transaction 

   ![step_7](../assets/step_7.png)

   When the transaction is complete, you’ll see the “Transfer complete" window 

   ![step_8](../assets/step_8.png)

Commit message:

move ccip tech doc to developer/tools

docs/apps/ccip-bridge/guides/transfer-token.md, after:

---
description: Bridge ERC-20 tokens from Ethereum to Ronin using Ronin Bridge.
slug: /apps/ccip-bridge/transfer-token
title: Transfer an ERC-20 token
---

## Overview

This guide describes how to use CCIP Bridge to send an ERC-20 token from Ronin to Ethereum.


:::info
If you are a developer and want to learn more about the token requirements, please visit [this guide](/developers/tools/ccip).
:::


## Prerequisites

If you access CCIP Bridge on mobile, remember to import your Ethereum address to your mobile Ronin Wallet. To learn how to do that, see [Importing Your MetaMask Wallet to Ronin Wallet](https://support.roninchain.com/hc/en-us/articles/14862812718107-Importing-Your-MetaMask-Wallet-to-Ronin-Wallet).

## Step 1. Choose source and destination chain
   Go to https://app.roninchain.com/bridge, then select “Cross-chain bridge (CCIP)” tab

   ![step_1](../assets/step_1.png)

   Click “From" section, then select "Ronin" as the source chain
   - You can also click the “Swap” button to switch between source network and destination network at “From" and "To" boxes.

   ![step_2](../assets/step_2.png)

   Select the connection method you want to use and connect your Ronin wallet

   ![step_3](../assets/step_3.png)

   Click “To" section and choose the destination chain: "Ethereum"

   ![step_4](../assets/step_4.png)

## Step 2: Add the sender and recipient addresses
   Enter the recipient address or paste the address by clicking the “Paste" button, then click "Confirm" button
   - If the destination chain is Ronin, you can enter any RNS domain name that a wallet has.

   ![step_5](../assets/step_5.png)

## Step 3: Choose the token and amount
   Select the token and an amount you would like to transfer

   ![step_6](../assets/step_6.png)

## Step 4: Choose fee token
   Select the token you want to pay fee. Make sure you have enough token to pay fee.

   ![step_9](../assets/step_9.png)

## Step 5: Execute and receive the tokens in your  wallet
   Click “Transfer” button to execute the transaction 

   ![step_7](../assets/step_7.png)

   When the transaction is complete, you’ll see the “Transfer complete" window 

   ![step_8](../assets/step_8.png)
